8oct13

The current files were tested using Allegro Version 8.2 on metacog and
Version 9.0 on a Windows machine.


26dec05

The Meta-AQUA system assumes the use of Allegro Common Lisp 5.0.1 or
higher. The current files were tested using Allegro Version 8.0. However the
system uses very few Allegro-specific features. The main exception is that is
Allegro's defsystem macro. If you wish to install using another Lisp, you will
have to comment out the defsystem calls (see below for locations) and compile
and load the individual source files manually. See file alt-compile.lisp for 
an alternative method that MAY enable Meta-AQUA with another Lisp.


3aug06

When using the Java display windows option, copy the file jlinker.jar from your
Allegro CL jlinker home dir to the javatools.jlinker:*jlinker-java-home* dir
you set up. See below.


18dec05

Known bugs:
The use of the java-windows module under Unix has problems. This will be fixed
in the near term.


11dec05 

To install the Meta-AQUA system, you must first change a number of path-names
so that they point to the directories where you install the code. Four
defsystem declarations exist, one each for Meta-AQUA, the Frame System, Nonlin,
and for Tale-Spin.

File and Location
------------------
loader.lisp -- root dir
frame-sys-def.lisp -- Frame dir off root
nonlin-sys-def.lisp -- Nonlin dir off root
tspin-sys-def.lisp -- Tale-spin dir off root


If using the optional Java display windows, change the
javatools.jlinker:*jlinker-java-home* variable to point appropriately.

File and Location
------------------
jl-config.lisp -- java-windows dir off root



To compile the Lisp code to must first add the code contained in file
README.clinit.cl in the Meta-AQUA root directory to a file called .clinit.cl
(the Common Lisp initialization file) in your regular root directory. Change
the variable *do-compile-Meta-AQUA* to t from nil (change it back back to nil
after a successful compile). Then load Lisp. The system should promp you
whether to compile the system. Type 'y' and hit return at the prompt. This will
create binary (.fasl) files in various system and subsystem directories.

For added performance using the Java windows output feature, manually compile
the files patches.lisp and patches-frame.lisp as follows.

(compile-file 
  (concatenate 'string 
               *Meta-AQUA-system-dir* 
               "java-windows/patches"))
(compile-file 
  (concatenate 'string 
               *Meta-AQUA-system-dir* 
               "java-windows/patches-frame"))


To use the system, see comments in file loader.lisp, root dir. Some (partially
dated) documentation for the Meta-AQUA System Implementation is in the file
Meta-AQUA-doc.txt.
